MS teams docs update (#34638)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftTeams/Integrations/MicrosoftTeams/README.md

    - microsoft.com
    - botframework.com
    - microsoftonline.com

>  - When installing the bot in Microsoft Teams ([Step four](#Add-the-Demisto-Bot-to-a-Team)), according to [Microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/1600179/ms-teams-custom-app-takes-very-long-time-to-show-u) It usually takes upto 3-5 business days for the app to reflect in the "built for your org" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [installing the bot in Microsoft Teams](#add-the-demisto-bot-to-a-team), according to [Microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/1600179/ms-teams-custom-app-takes-very-long-time-to-show-u), it usually takes up to 3-5 business days for the app to reflect in the "built for your org" section.
```

### Add the Demisto Bot to a Team

**Notes:**
- The following needs to be done after configuring the integration on Cortex XSOAR/Cortex XSIAM (the previous step).

> - According to [Microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/1600179/ms-teams-custom-app-takes-very-long-time-to-show-u) It usually takes upto 3-5 business days for the app to reflect in the "built for your org" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- According to [Microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/1600179/ms-teams-custom-app-takes-very-long-time-to-show-u) it usually takes up to 3-5 business days for the app to reflect in the "built for your org" section.
```
